{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 So you want to add a skybox?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone the material and the .jpg files you'll need can all be found in the "Space\'85The Final Frontier" folder for you. So that means of course all you need to do is pin that bad boy up.\ul \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}you can start by simply selecting and adding all the files into unity. Its pretty much just a drag and drop but you might of course want to make a folder for it first (just to keep things tidy).\
{\listtext	2.	}now you should have 1 material and 6 images imported into your unity game.\
{\listtext	3.	}firstly, for each image, head over to the inspector and change the "
\b Wrap Mode
\b0 " from repeat to 
\b clamp
\b0 .\
\ls1\ilvl0{\listtext	4.	}with all that done, look at the inspector for the material named "Space" and in the shader list select 
\b RenderFX > Skybox.
\b0 \
{\listtext	5.	}now you can add the images to build up the skybox. They've been named so this should be fairly straightforward. Done? good :)\
{\listtext	6.	}right\'85now head over to 
\b Edit > Render Settings
\b0 \
{\listtext	7.	}in here all you need to do is drag and drop the material (in the skybox folder you hopefully made) into the little space that says skybox material\
{\listtext	8.	}And you're done! you should now hopefully see a beautiful skybox in your scene view :D \
\pard\tx560\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
of course if things somehow go wrong (things always do), just drop a message to either me or someone else in the group for help ;)\
}